=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::SHANTANU - Dist Zilla Plugin Bundle the way I like to use it

=head1 VERSION

version 0.04

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   # in dist.ini
     [@SHANTANU]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> PluginBundle. The way I use it. While this bundle is 
customized to my needs, others might be better of forking this repository and 
modifying it to their own needs or using the more mature Plugin bundles that 
this is derived from like the one by David Golden. 

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 no_git

no_git attribute

=head2 version_regexp 

version_regexp attribute

=for stopwords autoprereq dagolden fakerelease pluginbundle podweaver
taskweaver uploadtocpan dist ini

=for Pod::Coverage configure mvp_multivalue_args

=head1 USAGE

To use this PluginBundle, just add it to your dist.ini.  You can provide
the following options:

=over

=item *

C<<< is_task >>> -- this indicates whether TaskWeaver or PodWeaver should be used.
Default is 0.

=item *

C<<< auto_prereq >>> -- this indicates whether AutoPrereq should be used or not.
Default is 1.

=item *

C<<< tag_format >>> -- given to C<<< Git::Tag >>>.  Default is 'release-%v' to be more
robust than just the version number when parsing versions for
C<<< Git::NextVersion >>>

=item *

C<<< version_regexp >>> -- given to C<<< Git::NextVersion >>>.  Default
is '^release-(.+)$'

=item *

C<<< fake_release >>> -- swaps FakeRelease for UploadToCPAN. Mostly useful for
testing a dist.ini without risking a real release.

=item *

C<<< weaver_config >>> -- specifies a Pod::Weaver bundle.  Defaults to @SHANTANU.

=item *

C<<< stopwords >>> -- add stopword for Test::PodSpelling (can be repeated)

=item *

C<<< no_git >>> -- bypass all git-dependent plugins

=item *

C<<< no_critic >>> -- omit Test::Perl::Critic tests

=item *

C<<< no_spellcheck >>> -- omit Test::PodSpelling tests

=item *

C<<< no_coverage >>> -- omit Pod Coverage tests

=back

When running without git, CE<lt>GatherDirE<gt> is used instead of CE<lt>Git::GatherDirE<gt>,
CE<lt>AutoVersionE<gt> is used instead of CE<lt>Git::NextVersionE<gt>, and all git check and
commit operations are disabled.

This PluginBundle now supports ConfigSlicer, so you can pass in options to the
plugins used like this:

   [@SHANTANU]
   ExecDir.dir = scripts ; overrides ExecDir

=head1 COMMON PATTERNS

=head2 use github instead of RT

   [@SHANTANU]
   :version = 0.32
   AutoMetaResources.bugtracker.github = user:shantanu
   AutoMetaResources.bugtracker.rt = 0

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::PodWeaver>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::TaskWeaver>

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through github at 
L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/dist-zilla-pluginbundle-shantanu/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/dist-zilla-pluginbundle-shantanu>

  git clone git://github.com/shantanubhadoria/dist-zilla-pluginbundle-shantanu.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=over 4

=item *

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu.bhadoria@gmail.com>

=item *

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu@shantanu-M14xR2.(none)>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Shantanu Bhadoria.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

